🏞️ Context Parallelism benchmark guide (#4075)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/reducing_memory_usage.md

    max_length=16384,               # long sequence length
    packing=True,                   # use packing to reduce padding
    use_liger_kernel=True,          # compatible with CP

>     gradient_checkpointing=False,   # If True in accelerate config, it needs to be False here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    gradient_checkpointing=False,   # The activation_checkpointing in FSDP config and the gradient_checkpointing in training arg can't be set to True simultaneously
```

Okay, I find that rather misleading, but it's not really related to this PR. To reduce confusion, I would expand on the comment a little.

  <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/trl-lib/documentation-images/resolve/main/context_parallelism_s_it_plot.png" alt="CP seconds/iteration" width="45%"/>
</div>

<Tip>

Accelerate also supports **N-Dimensional Parallelism (ND-parallelism)**, which enables you to combine different parallelization strategies to efficiently distribute model training across multiple GPUs.  

You can learn more and explore configuration examples in the [Accelerate ND-parallelism guide](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate/blob/main/examples/torch_native_parallelism/README.md#nd-parallelism).

</Tip>

**Further Reading on Context Parallelism**  

- [Accelerate: Context Parallelism Guide](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate/blob/main/docs/source/concept_guides/context_parallelism.md)  
- [Accelerate Example: 128k Sequence Length](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate/blob/main/examples/torch_native_parallelism/README.md#context-parallelism-128k-sequence-length)  
- [Hugging Face Blog: Enabling Long-Context Training with Sequence Parallelism in Axolotl](https://huggingface.co/blog/axolotl-ai-co/long-context-with-sequence-parallelism-in-axolotl)  

> - [Snowflake Engineering Blog: Arctic Long Sequence Training (ALST) — Scalable and Efficient Training for Multi-Million Token Sequences](https://www.snowflake.com/en/engineering-blog/arctic-long-sequence-training-multi-million-token-ai/)

Reviewer 2: Snowflake uses a rather different strategy than the links above, not sure if it won't be a bit confusing?
